1. The Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need, but not every man's greed.
2. In every deliberation, we must consider the impact of our decisions on the next seven generations.
3. The ultimate test of man's conscience may be his willingness to sacrifice something today for future generations whose words of thanks will not be heard.
4. I think the world is waking up to the fact that we cannot continue consuming the Earth's resources without regard for the future.
5. We have to understand that the natural world is a finite world and that we can't just keep consuming it without regard for the future.
6. The Earth is what we all have in common.
7. We have forgotten how to be good guests, how to walk lightly on the earth as its other creatures do.
8. The Earth is what we all have in common.
9. The environment is where we all meet; where we all have a mutual interest; it is the one thing all of us share.
10. The planet does not need more 'successful people'. The planet desperately needs more peacemakers, healers, restorers, storytellers and lover of all kinds.
11. There is no such thing as 'away'. When we throw anything away it must go somewhere.
12. We do not inherit the Earth from our Ancestors, we borrow it from our Children.
13.We must recognize that our planet's finite resources are dwindling and that our activities are polluting the Earth.
14. We must come to see that the earth is our mother: even more, our grandmother. She is our oldest and wisest relative.
15. We are living on this planet as if we had somewhere else to go. But there is no planet B.
16. The goal of life is living in agreement with nature.
17. The time to save our planet is running out.
18. We must protect the forests for our children, grandchildren and children's children.
19. He who plants a tree, plants a hope.
20. In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
21. Nature is not a place to visit. It is home.
22. The environment is where we all meet; where we all have a mutual interest; it is the one thing all of us share.
23. Go green, breathe clean.
24. A little effort towards saving the environment is better than no effort.
25. If you cannot reuse, refuse.
26. Let us nurture nature to have a nurturing future.
27. Better Environment, Better Tomorrow.
28. Plant a tree, so that the next generation can get air for free.
29. Trees on, global warming gone.
30. Change yourself, not the nature!
31. Care and love the nature for Eco-friendly future.
32. Join the Race to Make the World a Better Place. 
33. We won't have a society if we destroy the environment.
34. Environment is no one's property to destroy; it's everyone's responsibility to protect.
35. Don't trash your future. Keep your surroundings clean.
36. Don't litter. It makes the world bitter.

